[Doc]update download docs for 2304 version[skip ci] (#7939)
NVIDIA/spark-rapids: docs/download.md

need to ensure the minimum driver (450.80.02) and CUDA toolkit are installed on each Spark node.

### Verify signature
* Download the [RAPIDS Accelerator for Apache Spark 23.04.0 jar](https://repo1.maven.org/maven2/com/nvidia/rapids-4-spark_2.12/23.04.0/rapids-4-spark_2.12-23.04.0.jar)
  and [RAPIDS Accelerator for Apache Spark 23.04.0 jars.asc](https://repo1.maven.org/maven2/com/nvidia/rapids-4-spark_2.12/23.04.0/rapids-4-spark_2.12-23.04.0.jar.asc)
* Download the [PUB_KEY](https://keys.openpgp.org/search?q=sw-spark@nvidia.com).
* Import the public key: `gpg --import PUB_KEY`
* Verify the signature: `gpg --verify rapids-4-spark_2.12-23.04.0.jar.asc rapids-4-spark_2.12-23.04.0.jar`

The output if signature verify:

	gpg: Good signature from "NVIDIA Spark (For the signature of spark-rapids release jars) <sw-spark@nvidia.com>"

### Release Notes
New functionality and performance improvements for this release include:

> * Optimize HashAggregate and Join operators with the new retry framework to avoid OOM errors and recover in some cases

Reviewer: in addition to hash aggregate, this release already has the retry framework enabled in some capacity for: filter, gpu coalece, project, window aggregates. It will also be enabled to some extend in joins.

How about something like "Introduces OOM retry framework for automatic OOM handling in memory-intensive operators, such as: join, aggregates and windows, coalescing, projections and filters."

Join retry support has not been merged yet to 23.04.

Author: updated

* Support dynamic repartitioning in large/skewed hash joins
* Optimize the transpilation in `regexp_extract` function

> * Support Delta Lake write without auto-optimization specified

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Support Delta Lake write with auto-optimization and auto-compaction on Databricks platforms
```

* Qualification and Profiling tool:
  * Add support to recommend cluster shape options on CSPs
  * Add support for Databricks local mode with cost savings based on cluster metadata
  * Add TCO calculator to estimate annualized cost savings, including estimated frequency for applications

>   * Add support in the qualification tool to generate estimated speed-up for ML functionality in Spark applications

Reviewer 3: @mattahrens can you please review the Qual tool new features and make sure this looks good to you?

Reviewer 4: Minor change: `Add support to recommend cluster shape options on CSPs` to `Add support to recommend cluster shape options on Dataproc and EMR`

Author: updated
